v2: make the lightweight Quantity the default; rename parametric → ParametricQuantity (#682)
GalacticDynamics/unxt: docs/interop/dataclassish.md

Now let's explore how `dataclassish` works with quantities. We'll examine different quantity types.

### Basic Quantity

> The default `Quantity` type is the lightweight, non-parametric quantity.

Author: ```suggestion
The default `Quantity` type is the lightweight class wrapping unit information with a value.
```

print(f"get_field(distance, 'unit'): {unit_field}")
```

> ### BareQuantity (lightweight, no dimension checking)

Author: This should be part of the above section, since they are now both about Quantity
